---
title: "Copyright Notice"
layout: "single"
---

### The Scary Stuff

_FINAL FANTASY, FINAL FANTASY XIV, FFXIV, SQUARE ENIX, and the SQUARE ENIX logo
are registered trademarks or trademarks of Square Enix Holdings Co., Ltd._

All software, and mods hosted on xiv.zone are designed to work with
**legitimate, retail copies of Final Fantasy XIV**. I do not condone using
illegally obtained copies of Final Fantasy XIV. The user is expected to have a
**valid subscription to Final Fantasy XIV** while said software or mods.

Please be aware that by continuing to use any software or mod hosted on this
website, **you may be in violation of your User Agreement with Square Enix**
(2.4, 2.5, 2.6, 2.7) and I do not take responsibility for any action taken by
Square Enix against you. It is your responsibility to know the consequences of
your actions.

All of the software and mods hosted on this website are created for
**non-commerical use** only. If you make a commerical derivative of one of my
GPL works, please be aware that **you are in violation of another Square Enix
agreement** (2.3).

None of the software shown on this site is condoned, acknowleged or supported by
Square Enix. This software also does not enable users to illegally download any
copyrighted game data that they otherwise wouldn't own. Whilst the software may
be modified to do so, I cannot condone any patches enabling that functionality.

### The Actual Reality

This is just scary stuff I need to address. In short, **please do not use or
modify this software for piracy.**

There's also a reason why everything here is free and open source - please **do
not attempt to make money** on Square Enix's copyrights and trademarks.
Donations made is purely for **my support only** and software hosted here will
always be free. Donations also do not imply warranty or support for the
software, that's why they are called "donations" and not "support plans" or
"subscriptions".

As of 2022, the Final Fantasy XIV mod community is thriving and we have a
relative amount of freedom when it comes to modifying and redistributing the
game's data (for mods), and with reverse engineering file formats, packet
structures and so on. For the sake of everyone, please do not abuse this
opportunity.
